Align credentials stores part 17 (#27433)
demisto/content: Packs/Twilio/ReleaseNotes/1_0_5.md

#### Integrations

##### Twilio

> Added the *API key* and *Auth token* integration parameters to support credentials fetching object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added the *Account SID* and *Auth token* integration parameters to support credentials fetching object.
```
